Kp/about mocks (#3)
Ada-Developers-Academy/cs-fun-mock-interviews: about-mock-interviews/about-mocks.md

- Graphs - Dijkstra's

## Scheduling Mock Interviews
Ada provides 90 minute instructor facilitated mock interview sessions every other week for each section. During these sessions, instructors will split you into random pairs based on the topics you would like to interview in that day.

Check your section calendar to view available Ada facilitated mock interview session:
- [Ligers Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18wZmVlNmQxZWFhNzM4YWVlNzM5YTRkZjZmNmRjN2YzNzFmNmExMDkxYWFjMzlkODBhM2YzMjkyNDBlN2I4ZDBlQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)
- [Tigons Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19jYmZjN2VkMGRkMjkxY2M3MGNjMGM1NzljYzkxNzY4MzZhMTQ0MWJlYTk1MWRlMTc4ODc3NGE5ZDA0OTI0MTBmQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

If you would like to schedule your own sessions, you are free to coordinate with your fellow Adies and organize alternative sessions.

## Reminders
- It's **100% okay** not to finish the problem in the allotted time. 
- Your solution does not have to match the sample solution. There are many ways to solve these problems!
  - Because we cannot anticipate every possible solution, the sample solution only provides one possible solution

>   - If you are an interviewer and are unsure how to help your interviewee because they are choosing an approach that does not match the sample solution, that's okay! Industry interviewers are sometimes unable or unwilling to provide assistance to the interviewee in a real mock. You may also consider looking up alternative solutions online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you are an interviewer and are unsure how to help your interviewee because they are choosing an approach that does not match the sample solution, that's okay! Industry interviewers are sometimes unable or unwilling to provide assistance to the interviewee in a real technical interview. You may also consider looking up alternative solutions online.
```
